KEYCLOAK-18727 Improve user search change notes (#1378)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: release_notes/topics/17_0_0.adoc

= Highlights

== Improved User Search

> Keycloak now supports a syntax for the user search, which allows for three different types of searches :

Reviewer: It would be good to include information on the specific admin UI screens that were affected, e.g.
```suggestion
{project_name} now supports a glob-like syntax for the user search when listing users in admin console, which allows for three different types of searches: prefix (`foo*` which became default search), infix (`*foo*`), and exact `"foo"`)
```

Author: Done. Removed the bullets points.

= Highlights

== Improved User Search

> {project_name} now supports a glob-like syntax for the user search when listing users in admin console, which allows for three different types of searches: prefix (`foo*` which became default search), infix (`*foo*`), and exact `"foo"`)

Reviewer 2: in "the Admin Console"  -- we are now standardizing on initial capital letters.
add "the" before "default search"

Author: Done.
